I don't understand it makes me feel so sorry man I
already knew that this weekend when it was
the anniversary and again there was going to be that there's
no way let's go it's been
hard it's been hard well Gema has
been at a party too and
Well let's put up the images party
too and
her mother because I'm alone Oh it's true
sorry do you remember that this also this
is something that you told me was going to
happen do you remember when I
asked you What's going to be the future of Ana
María Aldón now that she can't she can't
talk about Ortega Cano because I
believed that at some point when she
exhausted exhausted exhausted the tracks she would
start to lengthen the biggest thing about Ortega
Cano that you told me that about the daughter no
like what did I tell you oh about a new
love I'm
going to take advantage of every second by the way
I have to buy a bikini will you accompany me
the normal thing what always happens okay I mean
you go with the microphone and when you
meet a famous person who wants to go into
a store instead of telling you that I'm going to go in
leave me alone okay he doesn't want to
go in with me you want to go in  names that
the two of them have gone on this together and she is a
colleague and friend of mine she is a
party reporter and collaborator and they have gone on this
together because the two of them work on the
same program so they go in together it is
a report she answers on set a
new love or speculates with that because Ana
María knows that if she doesn't have it it is that their
days are numbered that is why she
survivors then Germán on set
talks about what he thinks Ana María
survivors Ana María's new love
the assumption is that it does not have more
journey the
end is that now that ephemeral is what there is
Girl accept it since nothing happens
[Music]
your life has changed a lot since then
right But for the better eh mistakes of the
past no first chick
first support fat girl your life has changed
a lot but for the better but for the better of
course I am getting divorced
[Music]
a lot
how Ana María Aldo likes lingerie
before no I like lace this
sexy very sexy before no that also has
some barb man well well I led
a more everyday life more traditional
like my husband now at this point I
understand it like that why not well more well
like at home well that hour that  I
'm already a single woman Well I want to
surprise a little bit Feeling like no more of a woman
more of a man Of course it's a classic, that's not
until I, I mean I want to tell you I don't know you
leave it with your relationship of x time and like wow
No well already a scam Yes
a lot of transparency
[Music]
today the little bird with the big mouth the upset
that she has given that she has
filed eh wow oh my God the little
bird from the emails let's see things as they
are Ana María has removed herself since
Survivors for me she has taken 15
years off her age and physically she is
spectacular I mean for me and in person I
mean she is a hottie of a woman honestly let
's go Yes yes let's see was it normal for her to leave
El Torero with all due respect that it is
superficial no but it is not about
superficial well
other needs another rhythm totally
another rhythm of life El Torero is now
to spend the afternoons watching sálvame
the table camilla with the furniture there the
plastic bull on top the TV
name
the Rocío Jurado vinyl record
playing all day long there in the mornings
while the man is Having breakfast
and taking out  the dogs, I mean, I already see a
different rhythm than the woman, not above it,
she is what you say, she is at her best,
for me it is that 40, 40, 40
and something is the Prime for me of life, you
say it because you are getting close, well
listen to me, you are not that much older than me,
we are more or less of the same
generation, getting
close. Well, you are the generation. You
are like Marta. I am 34, I just turned,
listen to me, yes, you are like Lorena,
but listen to me,
that is why I say it because I am getting
close. I am in the prime, in
the Prime and I still have two and a
half years to get there
very well. No, no, if you continue with that diet, let's
go, anyone tells you anything, 40,
anyone tells me anything, 40 in the
stomach,
some or other, some
a little later, maybe I can
tell something or not, but right now you
can say that I am very happy, are you
afraid of falling in love, Ana María, of course,
a little later, well, let's see, this is
actually normal, you are
starting with a partner, you are not going to
run to tell it and expose it. Well
No, because it's not going to be a jinx,
which happens a lot, but you realize that no matter how
much expectation is being
created with this video, it's of no use
to her because what she could previously
sell, maybe on a deluxe sálvame,
now she's selling it at the same level as
any normal holiday, man, it's
totally useful to her. Yes, let's see, it's useful for the
following. She has done this report,
yes, there are two survivors, but thanks to
this report, even her daughter is commenting on
this report on television. So she has
given her daughter 500, 600 euros and she has
gone to survivors for a week,
but
of course, a week
maybe on a debate and everything, or on a
connection, or tonight, I
'm not seeing it clearly, this works like this,
this is the family pack. Yes, she has
re-subscribed again, no, they
are not with María right now in Honduras.
Ana María is in Honduras again with
Alexa. Of course, of course, that's why I say she has
left. Ana María has left this
bikini report to have her
daughter there, she earns a few euros this afternoon, she is
calm, fine. And then Ana María
are survivors now.  a week to be
in Honduras for a week Well right
now if you take away the Ortega
Cano issue and such its current status no but
maybe 60007000 more or less right now
yes something yes and the daughter in Spain a little
less but something too And well then a little
summer Well well then good That's why if
everything is calculated if this is no longer
known it
's not something that can no no no no no no
no and I think that they are already aware or they
have to be aware that It's
good that things are the way they are it's
not that they don't give more of
themselves I think I think they are getting by of course they are
getting by a little bit And such But it's not
something that gives more than Yes or in other words
little thing little thing the Java thing is and we
have an iron here but they no longer I don't
know I have our program Here
that we will never lack Marina and we are
going to be here until we reach
the second Prime the silver Prime at
50 at 50 years here you can imagine already
by subscribing subscribe
everyone who is watching this live that I
am watching  that there are a lot of unsubscribed people
in the chat that I forgot to
put it for subscribers only and I
put it there are unsubscribed people No yes but
look right now I already put it
subscribers only and right now
everyone is subscribed Marina you asked me
before
subscribers when you activate new
subscribers Maybe there is less hate
in the chat no no that they subscribe more it's that a
lot of people forget And
since they are there chatting and they see that they can't
chat it is because I am not subscribed they
hit the subscribe button But then you
can remove it or rather subscribe but it's
a pain I mean it has to be
removing you and putting you so that if not
you are going to miss any video of tres
salseo which is the best news channel
of the heart that there is right now and the
election every night
more and taking into account that the average has
gone down due to some other puncture
some day
the average because then at the end of the month
the average goes out but well that does not
matter to me what matters to me is the
quality that we both have together